# Assignment-2
I chose to work on corpus of three samples and historical catalogs of Queen Marie-Antoinette. I am interested in her library because these sample let us see her education. For this assignment, I will use three catalogs : *Bibliothèque de la reine Marie-Antoinette au Petit Trianon*, *Bibliothèque de la reine Marie-Antoinette au Château des Tuileries* and *Livres du Boudoir de la reine Marie-Antoinette*. On those samples, I chose to work on different section of these catalogs in order to have an overview of her reading. That is the reason, I chose to encode and annotate the *Science et Arts* in Trianon's catalog, the *Histoire* section in Tuileries's catalog and the novels in Boudoir.
She had a strong taste for books, not as important as Louis XVI's, but it did exist, hence the fact that she owned books on many different themes to complete her education. These documents describes an aspects of her book's collection and the evolution of her reading. 
It is interesting to study these different libraries in order to understand how she develop her inntellectual though even if it was slow. This is an idea highlighted by the historian Charles-Eloi Vial in his study of Marie-Antoinette, explaining that she was more intelligent than rumors suggest.
I will use XML to help me to structure this project. XML could help me structure the notices who already follow a hierarchy (title, author, format, origin, date, publication place). XML could also help to navigate more easily on those differents catalogs who came from differents places like Boudoir, Trianon and Tuileries. They are symbolic place who reflect the place she lived and we could in those differents libraries she has pleinty of books.
For this assignment, I didn't use generative AI for this project. 
